{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13420\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 App on the App Store should provide meta data viewable by most age ranging all the way to 4 years old. should not encourage any breaking of laws and self harm or harm to others. If the user can generate text it must be way to report that text, block the user, and email the creator of the app to let them what is going on. Providing false hopes with false reading and inaccurate information is bad because you can lead the user to making a foolish decision. It is advise to encourage them to still go see a professional when using health apps. Clarity so the users not able to subscribe to different version of the same app and also should be an independent running app, so not depending on another app to function.   With auto renewal subscription you must continue to provide value to the customer . App should not acts as a detective and collect data about the user unless granted permission and only the information the user give the app is the information the app should know about the user. Changes to the device state should not be advised just to have your app working. Only require the sign in function when the personal information is important to operation of the app.}